Prevent unfollowing vehicles in viewports other than main (#24626)
OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2: distribution/changelog.txt

- Fix: [#24456] Zoomed out vehicles on the ride window tab can sometimes draw incorrectly.
- Fix: [#24458] Vehicles in the ride window vehicle tab are offset differently than vanilla RCT2, and the sprites are cut off at the bottom.
- Fix: [#24576] It is possible to edit open rides in certain circumstances.

> - Fix: [#24626] Prevent unfollowing sprites in viewports that only follow sprites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: [#24626] Viewports that only follow sprites (e.g. in the Ride and Guest windows) can be made to unfollow them.
```
